make postgresql.parameter more clarity (#3092)
patroni/patroni: docs/dynamic_configuration.rst

   -  **use\_pg\_rewind**: whether or not to use pg_rewind. Defaults to `false`. Note that either the cluster must be initialized with ``data page checksums`` (``--data-checksums`` option for ``initdb``) and/or ``wal_log_hints`` must be set to ``on``, or ``pg_rewind`` will not work.
   -  **use\_slots**: whether or not to use replication slots. Defaults to `true` on PostgreSQL 9.4+.
   -  **recovery\_conf**: additional configuration settings written to recovery.conf when configuring follower. There is no recovery.conf anymore in PostgreSQL 12, but you may continue using this section, because Patroni handles it transparently.

>    -  **parameters**: configuration parameters(GUCs) for Postgres in format ``{ssl: "on", ssl_cert_file: "cert_file"}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  **parameters**: configuration parameters (GUCs) for Postgres in format ``{max_connections: 100, wal_level: "replica", max_wal_senders: 10, wal_log_hints: "on"}``. Many of these are required for replication to work.
```
